Note that we were asked to solve the problem in online mode. If this were not the case, then the Mo Algorithm could be used.

How to solve this task in online mode? Consider two ways.

The first way is as follows. Let's build a persistent bitwise trie T
 on a given array, where the i
-th version of the trie will store numbers x
 such that x
 occurs on the subsegment a[1…i]
 an odd number of times.

This can be done as follows. Let T0
 be an empty trie, and Ti
 will be obtained as follows: first we assign Ti=Ti−1
; then, if ai
 occurs in Ti−1
, then we will erase the number ai
 from Ti
, otherwise we will insert it there.

Suppose we need to get answer on the query [l,r]
. Note that if x
 is included in Tr
, but is not included in Tl−1
 (or is included in Tl−1
, but is not included in Tr
), then this means that the number x
 on the segment a[l…r]
 occurs an odd number of times. Otherwise, the number x
 occurs an even number of times (recall that 0
 is an even number). Thus, we need to find a minimum number x
 such that it occurs either in Tl−1
 or in Tr
, but not in both at once. If there is no such number, then you need to output 0
.

Let's go down Tl−1
 and Tr
 in parallel on the same prefix of the number. If Tl−1
 and Tr
 are equal, then the same numbers are contained there, and then the answer is 0
. Next, we will assume that the answer is not 0
. The left subtree of the vertex is the son to whom the transition along the edge of 0
 is going, and the right subtree is the vertex to which the transition along the edge of 1
 is going. Let us now stand at the vertices v
 and u
, respectively. If the left subtrees of v
 and u
 are equal, it means that the same numbers are contained there, so there is no point in going there, so we go along the right edge. Otherwise, the left subtree of v
 contains at least one number that is not in the left subtree of u
 (or vice versa), so we will go down the left edge. The number in which we ended up will be the answer.

Note that in order to compare two subtrees for equality, you need to use the hashing technique of root trees. Then we can compare the two subtree for O(1)
.

Thus, we get the asymptotics O((n+q)logmax(a))
. If we compress the numbers of the sequence a
 in advance, then we can get the asymptotics of O((n+q)logn)
.

Let's consider the second way. Let's compress the numbers in the sequence a
 in advance. Let prefij=0
 if the prefix i
 contains the number aj
 an even number of times, and prefij=1
 if the prefix i
 contains the number aj
 an odd number of times.

Then, in order to get an answer to the query [l…r]
, we need to take the "bitwise exclusive OR" arrays prefl−1
 and prefr
 and find in it the minimum j
 such that prefij=1
. The number j
 will be the answer.

Obviously, now this solution need much time and memory.

In order to optimize the amount of memory consumed, we will use bitsets. However, even in this case, we consume memory of the order of o(h2/64)
, which is still a lot. So let's not remember about all prefi
, but only some. For example, let's get some constant k
 and remeber only about pref0,prefk,pref2k,\dataprefpk
.

Then, when we need to answer the next query [l…r]
, we will find the right block on which we store almost all the numbers we are looking for, and then we will insert/erase for O(k)
 missing numbers.

If you select k∼n−−√
, then this solution will fit in memory. However, if you use std::bitset<> in C++, then most likely this solution will still receive the verdict Time Limit. Therefore, to solve this problem, you need to write your own fast bitset.

The asymptotics of such a solution would be O(n(n+q)/64)
. However, due to a well-chosen k
 and a self-written bitset, the constant in this solution will be very small and under given constraints, such a solution can work even faster than the first one.
