Hint 1
How would you find the smallest element with different frequencies in two static arrays using a segment tree? Consider hashing.

Hint 2
Try extending this idea to finding the smallest element with different frequencies in two different paths on a tree. Think persistent data structures.

Hint 3
Once you solve that, you can be extend it to finding the k smallest elements.

Solution
1957F2 - Frequency Mismatch (Hard Version)
Let's start by first solving the problem for k=1
, and extend the idea to k>1
 later. To solve for k=1
, we'll find the smallest value that occurs with different frequencies on the two paths.

We'll solve an easier version by solving for two static arrays, instead of solving the problem of two paths. To find the smallest value that has a different frequency between the two arrays, we can have a segment tree on the frequency array for each static array. Then, we can store the hash of each segment tree node and perform a descent to find the first point at which the hashes in the two segment trees differ. The hash of a node is the polynomial hash of the subarray it corresponds to.

Now, in order to use the same technique on the path, we want the frequency array of the path u→v
. To achieve this, we can use persistent segment trees. We define seg(u→v)
 to be the segment tree that corresponds to the frequency array of the values on the path u→v
. With the idea of persistence, we can quickly compute seg(1→u)
 for all u
, when we root at 1
.

To compute seg(u→v)
, we can use this:

seg(u→v)=seg(1→u)+seg(1→v)−seg(1→lca(u,v))−seg(1→parent(lca(u,v)))
 for every node in the segment tree that we want.

Hence, we are able to get the segment tree for the two paths we need to compare in a query. In our solution with the static arrays, we used the polynomial hash to find the first point of difference between the two frequency arrays. So, we need a way to quickly compute the hash of the pseudo node we computed for seg(u→v)
.

If we have two frequency arrays f1
, f2
, hash(f1)+hash(f2)=hash(f1+f2)
, where the hash of a node is the polynomial hash of the subarray that corresponds to that node.

Hence, we can say:

hash(seg(u→v))=hash(seg(1→u))+hash(seg(1→v))−hash(seg(1→lca(u,v)))−hash(seg(1→parent(lca(u,v)))

Hence, we can perform the same descent that we talked about earlier on the derived segment tree.

Now to solve this for k>1
, you can perform a dfs on seg(u→v)
, and keep entering nodes of the segment tree which have differing hashes, until we find k
 values.

The total time complexity comes out to O(nlogn)+O(q)×O(k)×O(logn)=O(qklogn+nlogn)

You can also use an idea similar to the hashing technique used in F1 to hash the segment tree nodes.
